you
we're counting down the top 10 funniest
strangest and most unexpected reactions
from house hunters renovation number 10
just because something's been remodeled
doesn't mean it's up to date number 9
kind of dig the paneling yeah I think we
could a tear it down yeah that's
probably your best option okay our
number 8 unexpected reaction these doors
gotta go I'm just trying to figure out
who tried to get out
somebody was trapped in here number 7
this actually looks up to date number 6
this living room was small so the
designer had a big idea going to take
these floors and paint them white they
have a painting wood floors white seems
crazy
it does seem crazy crazy awesome so
beautiful super beautiful but number
five is crazy
awful pink pink pink number four another
big bathroom
another big reaction I like the pink
tiles they're cute and old yeah where
they keep the man's bathroom but it's
very vintage I like the pink as well on
a Jew to buy a house together bit
awkward and now our final three
unexpected reactions number three this
house doesn't mean all of your criteria
but there are a lot of things that work
and a lot of things that don't the
carpet would have to go our place would
have to go mean doesn't have to go
speakers would have to go but you know
the studs could feasibly stay well
number two he wants craftsman she wants
spanish-style this house had that
Spanish field
you guys are looking for well especially
oh that she's looking for
oh that's the Oh face he found a mix of
Spanish and craftsman yeah I guess uh-oh
he is thinking that he could have
designed it better but Linnell could
design everything better Oh for the
number one unexpected reaction when she
first saw the fireplace but when she saw
the finished product she cried
listen I love it too but I love your
reaction more that's why it's number one
on our list of unexpected reactions from
house hunters renovation
you